---
title: "To Every Thing There Is a Season"
date: 2022-02-09T16:51:43-04:00
draft: false
---

Dear Diary,

Isn’t it interesting that people are considered to become “adults” when they stop believing in Santa Clause?  At what point I wonder,  did our society associate maturity as someone who stop have faith, imagination, and belief in something magical? Why does “growing up” mean being cynical and jaded? Why can’t people believe in Santa Clause and be considered emotionally mature?

Or let’s reframe this question:  there are people who believe in aliens, ghosts, zodiac signs, the supernatural, god and conspiracy theories- and those are seen as acceptable beliefs to possess. But if someone were to so much as to proclaim that they believe in Santa Clause, the tooth fairy, people are inherently perceived to be childish, immature, and having a lot of “growing up” to do.

To be fair, at a certain age- If you still believe in Santa Clause or the tooth fairy, you probably  would end up in a mental institution.  But  is the belief in god can be considered mature, but belief in Santa Clause is considered childish? Why does not believing in Santa clause anymore considered to be the “death of childhood” as Mr.Gallant mentioned today?

I would rather believe in Santa Clause and not be cynical about the world. It would be nice to have that “naive” innocence  just like the kid.  Through what I find most fascinating is that the boy believes in Santa clause even through he knows it’s not real. How would that work in theory?

Although I suppose , it a similar concept to money. I know that money is a human construct, it’s not real - but I still believe in it’s existence...because I can see it and benefit from it.  Similarly, the boy and other kids benefit from believing in Santa Clause because of all the presents.