---
title: "The Door"
date: 2022-02-22T16:51:43-04:00
draft: false
---

Dear Diary,

I would say the door speaks about the decay of happiness and intimate connections with other people over period of time. As the women go through stages of life, there are moments of weakness where darkness loom over her- and she fallen into depression. 

Honestly, the more I think about it- the more the poem thinks about depression- and the constant battle to overcome it. 

Sometimes, even when you are happy- the depression kicks in and the door swings open and close really quickly-that  the person suffering from it don't even notice. 

And that's the problem- people with depression-like the girl/women in the story don't even know that they have it. People often think it's someone who comes from troubled families, but a person can be surrounded by someone they love-and still the doors swings open.

Eventually, the women - old now, and lost everyone she cared about eventually swallows in depression and stayed there. I don't think she dies. The thing about depression is that it's not about wanting to kill yourself, it's just simply not having the energy to do anything and not wanting to exist anymore. 

Depression is so stigmatized, and yet for some reason I keep on meeting people who keep on talking about their experiences with it. And today, my ex just talked about how she got her anti-depression pills upped a dose, and she's feeling a bit better.

I find it fascinating that all my close friends are people who been in therapy before..