---
title: "Tapka"
date: 2022-03-02T16:51:43-04:00
draft: false
---

Dear Diary,

Today class is interesting. Zac was so triggered by the teacher comment on being "prejudiced".

Also the Russian girl in class is cute. I really want to date someone from Russia. I didn't notice her until the teacher called her out to back up his argument.

Anyhow, I wasn't surprised  that Zac was pissed. Most LGBTQ+ people get livid-especially gay guys will go to war with anyone who even suggest or hint that they are closed-minded or stereotyping. Because of the bullying Zac endured by closed-minded people, it's just a sore spot for gay people in general. Through I wonder if the teach word choice trigged his ptsd. 

Anyhow, when I read the story- I read it as the dog died. I didn't really read it carefully enough, and It turns out the dog made it out alive...it's the trust that's broken.

I wish the teacher would talk more about the whole "testing love" and "love doesn't need a collar". If you need to test someone love, you don't really love them. Love is when you care about the other person, and don't expect them to love you back. 

What is love through? How would we define it?

Also what's up with the whole "If a dog can talk, we will marry our dog?" I think the whole notion that we will want a partner who subservient and put us on a pedestal speaks of an unbalanced dynamic.  Yet-the sad reality is, people probably aren't looking for an equal partnership, but someone who worship them. 

I can see how having your boyfriend/girlfriend worship you and rely on you can be appealing for some people...but the relationship dynamic is more like a child-parent anyhow. Who want to marry someone who you are responsible for?